So the table of chairman's position,
Kyver G. Davidshine in the uniform of the United States Army is coming back toward the
wetness chair moving for a languid land.
Seemingly, one letter of concern about the wildlife that is pouring upon him here,
and I believe that in a form everyone seems to be pretty much in the
requisitions now that we were going to have this hearing.
After this recess, which was called, in order that the senators,
or members of the South Committee could go over to the Capitol Office to set up floor,
and hold on a little.
And yours, Chairman, Mark now, wrapping the gammala,
will actually be double the principles of the paper,
a little attention on our investigation conversation from our group,
and third of a copy of what I have called,
hold is very agitatedly, showing him something that is waiting up within the space.
Keep moving forward, we'll go to the quick,
as we run the battle as white as you here,
the battle is very standard, Mark.
You know, it's standard, Mark.
There you come, now, and please.
One of my three-fourth and fourth place.
That will be briefly.
I now raise the amount of aliens left, please.
Picture.
Picture of the Mr. Shine.
And I thought that place was introduced in the other day.
It was entirely different from the picture of the Army,
Mr. Stevens, with Adams,
blew up on presenters as the complete picture.
If so, the tremendous imposition of our Mr. James,
I don't know if the council I would like of this time.
I mean, let me explain to the gentleman,
I'm normally just looking at point of order,
I think the point of order, Mr. Rosemary,
but I think the following questions I should make.
I think of this time we should have presented
the complete picture sent to Mr. Shine.
And they blow up with the Army,
with Mr. McHarrie, with a lot of fireworks,
and I'm curious that he's going to introduce
all the pictures of the craftsmanship we're now,
with Mr. Shine, in fact, we do each 10 minutes,
so we'll come back to send this time in here.
But all the information on the pictures,
all the pictures, everything,
get out of the queue from the interview.
Send this time in here, if you can assume the weather went up,
if you have a bad influence from our audience today,
the picture, which I got worth of debt,
does not have to testify, fight,
and the Army, the half, was in that direction.
So it may well be that we have a third picture here,
and that is the reason I had to fight you.
I have no further questions to this time.
Mr. Miner, may I have a move?
Mr. Chairman, it's really just a minute now.
Mr. Chairman, in point of order?
Mr. Chairman.
If this develops that Mr. Erick Wells,
from Mr. Adams, Mr. Ding,
present a picture, a global picture,
because not a blow of a picture,
which is presenting talent,
then we have everyone involved in all the families we got from the government.
Yeah, the charities and stuff,
we're going to get everybody in connection with that picture,
and the other people who have been shouting right upon that test,
we want to get this through, I think everybody does,
and nobody knows the answer to it at the moment.
Then the father had no questions,
and the family team was left on that side,
and it's the worst I can do.
Can't believe in the light, sir.
He's on the way back from the road call.
Mr. Wells.
Mm-hmm.
The women are struck.
I'll be back.
I have a chime.
I've finally followed your attention, Wendy.
When you were informed at 4.4,
the people who were speaking to us,
the mic was the mic,
and we didn't get to hear anything.
It's going out in the other ear, man.
That's it, sir.
And I have a habit of looking at a witness when I examine him,
because he'd turn away from the microphone,
but I hope I have to or that situation.
Mr. Shine, I noticed when you testified
that you heard that someone was coming on the plane to see you,
that you named the people coming to this order.
Members of the staff,
manager McCarthy, and secretary Steven,
it's a good deal to suggest that you remember the order
in which you stated those that were arriving.
But when you agree with me,
let me find out if I tell you that you stated them in that order.
No, sir.
I don't propose your order in sympathy.
Most of the people in the service.
When you describe their arrival,
you describe them in this order.
Senator, Mr. Patrick,
Mr. Cole, Mr. Todd,
secretary Steven, and Mr. Adam.
You remember placing with your arrival in that order.
I can't recall exactly the order I used to.
If I suggest to you, sir,
that you get a new in that order,
would you agree with these that I was correct?
No, sir.
As you take forward and move now,
is it, do they come to your mind in roughly that order?
Senator McCarthy,
Cole, Todd,
Steven, and Adam.
No, sir.
I have to be photographing.
You made an all-request.
The person that comes from here not to publish them is that right?
I did, sir.
And you made a written request also that you not?
I don't recall how you made a written request, sir.
Would you say you need orders?
I would say I didn't, sir.
If someone from the airport here with a letter signed by this witness
and connection with the questions I have now asking.
Mr. Rauch,
I have before me a letter of David November 24, 1953 signed by G. David Shine,
which was passed to me today and addressed the public information officer.
Is that the letter of that which you're making in a period?
It doesn't be that very glad to.
I judge it as just be very glad to.
Can I do that, Mr. Jones?
Can I do it, sir?
It is proper that he should be here.
How long have we got into that?
Mr. Jellin, Mr. Cardi, I agree with Mr. Wells that you're putting evidence.
I think first, there should be a establish to sign the blood-arveled Mr. Shine, Mr. Cigarette.
Mr. Cigarette.
I show you a letter or what, or what, for what's to be a letter?
From the letter that is the United States Senate Committee on Government Operations,
reporting to be dated November 24, 1953.
Carrying at the lower left hand corner of it, the initials GDS-4FP.
And carrying on the right hand side, cordially yours, comma, and in pink, G-David Shine.
And under the last pink flag of the typewritten word, G-David Shine.
Was that letter signed by you?
The worst nurse was dictated by you.
Yes, sir.
And was it sent on your behalf?
The worst nurse?
May I read it to you and you watch with me, Mr. Shine?
May I read it to you, sir?
Oh, indeed you haven't.
Public information officer with wire air force base, Trenton, and Jersey.
Yes, sir.
Thank you very much for sending the pictures of Secretary Steven's criminal banaline and myself.
If any of the other fault of rats which were taken have turned out satisfactorily.
I would appreciate having those forward at the mean as well.
I want to express my gratitude at this time for your cooperation,
not leaving the pictures or any kind of predestatement.
I will remember my promise to you that at that sometimes in the future it becomes possible
to allow publication of the pictures that my wire air force base will be given
credit for the photography.
This is apparently by somebody in my office and it's dated November 24th, 1953.
The first I have seen the actual letter although I recall having dictated that now.
I apparently thank the Air Force for sending me the pictures for not printed.
And in answer to the very request when I did ask them not the credit,
I told them that I would comply with the request and give the wire air force base
credit for the photography to further the picture with credit something I just remember.
I have a thought.
I will make sure that if you and I both give them a plus now they all have to be pretty well satisfied.
Don't you think?
Would you join me in giving them a thank you?
I already very contented.
Now I wish to ask you on the basis of this letter if you were seeking to secure an exclusive print on your own behalf.
I was seeking nothing very important for the retire person to take them when Secretary Steven asked me to stand with him.
I will not give you any more picture.
But you asked them not to release the picture if you know I believe sir.
And you asked them not to give out any kind of press statement.
I do believe sir.
From which I think it fairly follows and I'm not charging you with anything sir.
It fairly follows from the aftertaste you were seeking an exclusive or you not?
I will not sir.
I said nothing to them about where else they should send the picture privately.
I merely requested from them after the picture was taken.
That they not publish it anywhere.
I told them that I had asked to post for it because I was asked to by Secretary Steven.
But I said nothing to them about where else they should send the picture.
Are you suggesting sir that it was repulsive to you to post for that picture?
I'm not suggesting anything sir.
I'm saying that at the time I may be required of the retire person to say not publish the picture anywhere.
I have not seen the picture published anywhere and I appreciate very much the promise they made to me that they wouldn't send it to any publications.
Are you suggesting sir that you were martyred by the Secretary of the Army to post for that picture?
I am saying sir that I was asked by the Secretary of the Army to stand next to him and be photographed.
Thank you.
Come on.
That matter is not a proper selfie to me in clarity and I made it perfectly clear.
But if Mr. Wells desires that his question and answer stand, I think it's...
I think it doesn't lie within my province to object to it.
If she has no light on the photographs they're often busy, but they're not anyone as cut out of it.
I have merely the mind council of that fact.
I've been trying to orchestrate a field there.
I think I will say inbound one more question.
I will say that I will be photographed along this line.
Did you ask Secretary Stevens permission to mount it on your wall and give us publicity to that extent?
I did not answer.
Did you follow the hearings in this room by television?
Which area sir?
We are in today. Have you been following them?
I have followed as many of them as I was in the front of the front.
I will be following them one day when we have finally to do in this room about these pictures.
I believe I saw some of them here in service.
Did you understand that I will, because then the spacious of this picture had in some ways in doctors?
I don't know where it has been, sir.
When you saw the picture of yourself and Stevens alone,
and the service Secretary Stevens discomforts when he was queried about them.
Did you rush to a telephone and say to someone on the staff or anyone on the staff?
That would not fair.
Mr. Chairman.
Can I have a final word?
I just want to know, I just want to make a fair with your chairman,
that if council is going to go beyond the authenticity of the picture,
I will have no choice but to like mine.
I understood from Mr. Jenkins that if there were a strain beyond the authenticity of the picture,
that objection would be raised.
Now whether you object, not, I frankly don't care.
I think it's very clear that if we're going to go beyond the picture,
I will do like mine.
Will you fire the repeaty question?
The attention of council to the temporary hours is taken.
I would be attention of the chair, and I think I have the question repeating.
Question.
When you saw the picture of yourself and Stevens alone,
and I'm sure there are some temporary Stevens discomfort when he was queried about them,
did he watch the telephone and say something on the staff or anyone on the staff?
That is not fair.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Jenkins.
That question would go to the credibility of the witness.
Is this position or lack of this position to reveal the facts?
I think I think it was part of the impact that the interests or credibility of the witness,
might be shown.
I think it was a proper question.
I'm subject to one.
That is whether or not he participated in the practice of any alleged deception
or having learned of it is such a thing existed.
Whether or not he remained active or took any active steps to correct the false impression
of that purpose and that purpose alone, I think.
Mr. Chairman, I think that I have the same idea as the relevant objective to only question
except I would like to mention the fact that the other day at the point of the private stream
was getting special consideration because he was allowed to use the telephone.
A question will be rules in order, and I'd rather sign if you can be followed by questions.
I believe I recall the question very well.
When it was insinuated that members of the committee staff had doctored the picture
and that this was a completely dissonous act, I was naturally very much interested in watching
the outcome of the proceeding over television.
The own personal opinion was that the fact that Colonel Bradley, who had as many airport spaces
in the northeast and was standing to the side and was in the picture, in no way detracted
from the fact that the secretary had requested that I pose with him,
I didn't know what was going to happen in the hearing, I didn't know what the members of the staff
provided that to find to. I felt that they had all the facts.
I had complained with Mr. Jenkins' request that I produced the picture.
I have no direct contact with the staff during the hearing anyway,
and I certainly have been more than willing to cooperate in any way I can
and produce any and all information concerning the picture or anything else,
and that is what I'm doing right now, sir.
When you saw the picture from your wall published minus one third of the characters
who appeared on your wall, what by shock said?
I was not shocked where you surprised.
When I saw this picture from me, sir, the picture that had hung on your wall
with three characters in it, when you saw it published in the papers with about two characters.
Are you shocked, sir?
I have not been shocked lately at anything of the newspapers in the country,
how this year. Where you surprised?
I was not sure, I expect to be anything in the newspapers these days, sir.
Were you sad?
What was that, sir, about what?
About some missing criminal Bradley in your case.
I think I'm not really clear about the right in the morning.
What happened?
How did anything that is clear about me be brought out here at this point?
It was not clear to you when you saw it in the picture,
what had happened, what has happened?
As I said earlier, there's no testimony about the picture.
When you recognized what you saw in the paper as two or three,
that's the picture that had hung on your wall, did you?
I did not see the papers there until the day following the hearing.
But when you saw it, you recognized it as two or three,
so what had hung on your wall, did you not?
As I recall, I believed that the first published both pictures
of the one of Secretary Stevens and myself,
which is a print taken apparently from a copy of a picture and it was,
plus the original which appeared on my wall in the office.
You know now, Private Shine, how, Colonel Bradley,
one third of the characters in the play disappeared from the cast.
By a rough, goodly low idea, sir.
You haven't done it yet.
By a doctor, then Private, wearing that proud uniform as you do,
I have quit you, sir, of anything wrong if there was anything wrong.
Lieutenant, a council of time expires that the property we had now
has questions in time at the same moment, and in the cart.
Mr. Wester, Chairman, out of no questions,
I ask you this witness request.
I would like to have it as badly,
whether or not the pictures Mr. Welch produced was actually the blow-off
of the picture that had been induced by an old David Ford.
I prefer to be able to yield it out for the ten times,
but I encourage you to pursue that by the time of another council do that.
Very well.
Mr. Shank,
there's only one question.
Yes sir, there's one question.
Sir, name a question.
Uh, what is your rating of the play?
Private, Private, sir.
Thank you.
Mr. Shank,
Mr. Schein,
I show you another photograph,
which I believe all participants see is a blow-off,
shall we say, of a photograph in which the Secretary of the Army,
you, Private Schein, Colonel Bradley, are shown.
And perhaps the arm,
are the arm, cold, or a fourth person,
to the immediate ride of Colonel Bradley.
I will ask one of these gentlemen to pass that blow-off photograph to you.
I can say it from here sir,
ask you to examine it carefully.
State Brother or not, you have ever seen that photograph before,
are any duplicate of it,
are the negative of it or the print of it.
I believe I saw that one on television sir.
I've never seen any negative of print of it.
Is that the first time that you've ever seen it that is on television,
during these proceedings?
It is sir.
And was that after you had delivered to the office of Mr. Kohn,
the first photograph about which you were questioned today?
Yes sir.
Do you see an arm or an arm, cold or sleeve,
of a fourth person in this photograph?
I do so.
Do you understand that this photograph was introduced by a council by Mr. Stevens?
A Amnabian madam, do you understand that?
Yes sir.
Either of themselves or through their attorney.
Do you have any way, whatever, of accounting,
for this photograph that I'll show you?
Are you giving any factor facts to this committee that would shed in your light of money?
Both sir.
Other than that, it is a photograph of the Secretary of the Army,
of Hugh Colonel Bradley, and a private son-forth person.
May I see the other photograph sir?
May I switch one?
May I see the one that was on my wall?
I thought before you.
Huh?
Want to get it back?
I will ask you to examine Mr. Shine,
the first photograph about which you were questioned,
and which was taken from your office in New York City,
and things whether or not there is shown in the effort party
or the arm of the fourth party.
No sir, there is no arm of another party in the photograph that hung on my wall
which was sent to me by the airport.
Would you or not say that the two photographs are different?
Or are you able to express any opinion on that, sir?
I would say that they are a different trend as to whether they came from the same negative or not, sir.
I do not know.
May I see this one more close to Sir, and a look at the view.
I will be reading this.
Hold on a minute.
My own personal opinion, sir.
I ask you to hold this photograph. There is another question.
Mr. Shine, may I answer the last question?
My own personal opinion, sir.
Is that the dark room of the airport stop it to pop the picture of Secretary Steven Simeon down to show just three individuals?
May I ask you this question?
Yes sir.
Will you examine both pictures to the immediate length of the secretary?
Which would be the right side of the picture as you look at it?
Yes sir.
And the left side of the picture as the Secretary and you and Colonel Barney's family.
Do you know any differences back?
I know very little difference, sir, in the two pictures.
I cannot say that they are taken from the same negative possibly.
Examine particularly the in-state in the air.
Yes sir, looks at this, they are taken from the same negative although the two photographers could have been standing close to each other. I don't know sir.
Mr. Shine, I have no further questions.
Well the chair was completely unable to follow this testimony because you were looking at the photographs from the rear as well.
So I have no question.
Perhaps Senator McCullough?
I wonder if we could have these pictures presented up here where the rest of the committee can see them.
Mr. Chairman, you have point of order.
No, I'm not in the table.
You want this file to be...
Mr. Chairman.
Should be B5, Mr. Chairman.
I'm in the chair.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. McCullough.
I yielded to counsel because I thought you wanted to develop this point on the assumption of how the average person can get through.
I would like to do that.
I have no objection to waiting until we go around the list to chair with the clerk.
In the meantime, can I see full picture?
Yes.
I think we better go around probably.
I don't think that's the agreement.
We'll get down to your Sunday and the clock for our measure.
Mr. Chairman, if...
If it will serve the convenience of the senator to pursue this particular line of question and I'm glad to let him do so at this time.
Without a section, I'm...
If any member of the committee...
The servings, the right.
Dr. Lillie.
The go-round again if we need to.
Without a section, I'm a part of any committee member.
We will now allocate 10 minutes and do...
10 of them are cartons.
They chair. Here is no addiction.
10 of them are cartons for 10 minutes.
Yes.
Mr. Mr. Sain, I don't know if we should...
...try and make you an expert on photography, but...
...in looking at the pictures I find that...
...the picture with you, Mr. Jansson...
...is different in many details from the picture that Mr. Walsh admitted.
He said, middle of that.
And informed the committee that it was the same picture.
I assume this was...
He was not the same picture I assume.
That was not the result of any...
...evil intent on the part of Mr. Walsh.
I assume he was honestly mistaken.
But you will know if you will look at...
...which in some way they will get both work out of this together.
You will know that if you look at the picture...
...Mr. Sain...
The picture was just a minute.
Difference in the one Mr. Walsh admitted.
Insofar as the insignia at Mr. Sain...
...is left of concern.
Also, insofar as the disappearance of the sportsman...
...and the picture is concerned.
You